welcome to the aisle to a monster of me
in front of an enduring congregation
travesia will now have an invigorating
injection of comments to challenge for
the points in the most difficult
European cauldron of all bar none shall
be so having a big girl Munster hooked
up from the base and no monster try and
realign themselves are three very strong
strong from treviso so close over
Williams the person at the score Toma
part is silenced shibito 5-nil he so
beat ebony filthy wet positions last
week folks s quite happy to play in the
second try coming that's like work for
bill referee going to the video ram
beautiful control over try
Geraldine a and just bought the shelf
very little of it
big big decision
treviso can just write
monster strength
brick by brick they're loosing this for
visa wall de Villiers in sample Quinlan
you want to
the phone is
No
every sense very cool
no more
what is took it out
spies are on the faces Keith Earls Greg
clearing up job just backed himself we
have tears off the mark I tremendous
step I'm here you're just thinking
taller Connells going to be talking
about his try and the chance Williams
again its call number six
the first off is looking very impressing
them inside
this is better this is
welcome to German
assess the perfect fit
so
and this relation to the recep but the
final score goes to the men from thoman
Park 4110 they went in yet